Sdf readme (#220)
quixio/quix-streams: src/StreamingDataFrames/docs/stateful-processing.md

# Stateful Applications

> Currently, Quix Streams 2.0alpha provides a RocksDB-based state store that allows to store 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Quix Streams 2.0 alpha provides a RocksDB-based state store that allows to store 
```
